Svelte & Vue: Add framework-specific `docgen` option to disable docgen processing (#32319)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/get-started/frameworks/svelte-vite.mdx

Type: `Record<string, any>`

Configure options for the [framework's builder](../../api/main-config/main-config-framework.mdx#optionsbuilder). For this framework, available options can be found in the [Vite builder docs](../../builders/vite.mdx).

#### `docgen`

Type: `boolean`

Default: `true`

Enables or disables automatic documentation generation for component properties. When disabled, Storybook will skip the docgen processing step during build, which can improve build performance.

```ts title=".storybook/main.ts"
import type { StorybookConfig } from '@storybook/svelte-vite';

const config: StorybookConfig = {
  framework: {
    name: '@storybook/svelte-vite',
    options: {
      docgen: false, // Disable docgen for better performance
    },
  },
};

export default config;
```

##### When to disable docgen

> Disabling docgen can improve build performance for large projects, but argTypes won't be inferred automatically for Controls and docs. However, they can still be manually defined with `argTypes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabling docgen can improve build performance for large projects, but [argTypes won't be inferred automatically](../../api/arg-types.mdx#automatic-argtype-inference), which will prevent features like [Controls](../../essentials/controls.mdx) and [docs](../../writing-docs/autodocs.mdx) from working as expected. To use those features, you will need to [define `argTypes` manually](../../api/arg-types.mdx#manually-specifying-argtypes).
```
